simply list the frequently-used APIs of sqlite3 in python

1. sqlite3.connect(database, timeout, other optional arguments)
Open a sqlite database file, if does not exist, will create one. when a database is accessed by multiple connections,
and one of the process modifies the database, the sqlite database is locked until that transaction is committed.
The timeout parameter specifies how long the connection should wait for the lock to go away until raising an exception.
The default for the timeout parameter is 5.0 (five seconds).

2.connection.cursor()
Create a cursor

3. cursor.execute(sql, optional parameters)
Execute a sql statement. The sql statement can be parameterization, use '?' to be a placeholder

4. connection.execute(sql, optional parameter)
Simply do not use cursor to execute a sql statement

5. cursor.executemany(sql, sql_of_parameters)
Execute a sql statement for all the sql_of_parameters

6. connection.executemany(sql, sql_of_parameters)
Simply do not use cursor to execute

7. cursor.executescript(sql_script)
Execute a SQL script. It will first execute COMMIT statement, and then execute the sql_script. All SQL statement should
be separated by ';'

8. connection.execute(sql_script)
Simply do not use cursor to execute

9. connection.total_changes()
returns all rows since open databasse's connection

10. connection.commit()
Commit current transaction. If you do not call this function, all your action after last commit() is sightless to other
database connections.

11. connection.rollback()
Roll back all changes to database since last commit()

12. connection.close()
Close connection to database. Note that this function will not call commit(), if you do not call commit() before, all
your actions to database will lose.

13. cursor.fetchone()
Return the next line of search result set, returns a single sequence. When there is no more data, return None.

14. cursor.fetchmany([size=cursor.arraysize[)
Return next many lines of search result set, returns a list. When no more available lines, will return a empty list.

15. cursor.fetchall()
Return all lines of search result set, returns a list. When no available rows, return a empty list.
